The Bible says behind the gods are
spirits. And what do they do? They seek
to take over. In ancient times, you had
the gods, but you also had avatars. And
behind each leader, there's an ancient
king or queen, for good or bad. This
template would foreshadow the outcome of
every one of the last elections, what
they will do, how long they will have on
the national political stage. In some
cases, it gives exact events. From
everyone from Bill Clinton to Barack
Obama to Donald Trump, every single one
those same ancient demons are operating
in new days through new leaders.
>> From the house of Brahman was born, the
person we know of as Kamala Palace. If
she had won, we've been led by one whose
name means the goddess. One nation under
the goddess. That's how close we were.
And I think we're at a critical point.
Satan hates being exposed like this. If
the concept here of the prophetic type
and shadow and the avatar is true, the
question I want to ask everybody
watching right now, who are you? The one
and the only Mike Signarelli. Everybody,
>> me, Mike Signarelli.
>> I'm also one of your fans.
>> I've never met somebody quite like you.
Wow.
>> I see the spirit of God on your life so
profoundly.
>> You're going to run your race and you're
going to see your finish line, my
friend. What you're doing is absolutely
incredible. I'm grateful to be your
friend. This may run in my family, but
I'm where it runs out.
>> Well, everyone, I know you've been in
major anticipation for this every single
time he's on my channel. So much
revelation and insight. And I want to
sincerely thank all of you for sharing,
getting the word out, and really just
ensuring that more people hear the
truth. I've got my friend Jonathan Khan,
New York Times bestseller and a
prophetic voice in the earth. And we're
going to be talking about the the
Avatar. So, welcome to the broadcast
today. Uh, you know, what is the Avatar?
What is going on? What is God revealing?
>> Well, thanks. It's always great to be
back, Mike. Um, yeah, the Avatar I would
say that I I' I've written books that
were explosive. I would say it's the the
avatar is the most explosive because
it's kind of taking a taking a
revelation that was about the return of
the gods that I wrote about and taking
it to really every every realm. I mean
the political realm, the cultural realm,
the social realm, even people uh ancient
mysteries from the Bible or templates
that are being fulfilled by our leaders.
Um uh that even tells us what prophetic
moment we're at um and where we're going
and what we need to do. So, um, it it is
it's it's the return of the gods taken
to a whole another level.
>> Oh, that's that is saying a lot because
that book was lifechanging, which guys,
if you don't have it, you need to get
it. The links in the description, but
also just get both. Get the Avatar as
well. Now, here's what I want to jump
into because and and again, this is like
a really crazy statement. there was
something that you've never written
about before and basically you you've
had uh these encounters and can you
share what happened specifically in
India when you you sounded the biblical
trumpet the chauffear and there was a
supernatural experience.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I you know I've written
about the gods and when I say gods
there's only one god of course but
there's false gods or and the Bible says
that there are spirits behind these gods
and so I've written about it but I never
shared my encounters. I was I was asked
to go to India. In India, you have tons
of gods. You have actually 30 million
gods that they worship. So, you know,
there's going to be spiritual things
going on. And it really was the most
spir It was the it was I never saw the
power of God and the power of the enemy
like being in the middle of that as much
as I did in India. Um, by the second
day, me and my team were almost killed
by the second day. And there was so much
that happened. But at the end I'm
standing in front of thousands of of
Indian people at night in outdoors and I
was led to sound the before I spoke like
the word I I was led to sound the
chauffear you know the the trumpet in
the Bible and so I did and then I we
don't know what happened we get this
wave comes back I can only say imagine
you're at an exorcism uh except multiply
it by thousands of people getting
delivered and so they're like screaming
screaming screaming I mean you know it
makes and here we are in the land of the
of the gods and you have the spirits and
I'm reading you know in the Bible it
says that when you're in warfare sound
the trumpet god says I will I will give
you victory against the enemy the enemy
will flee well you know the people in
India are not reading that you know you
know you know they didn't know that and
actually for for ages uh Jewish people
in in ancient times used the chauffear
for delivering of spirits you know but
they didn't know it but it happened you
know um and the thing is that after that
happened I I shared the the message of
salvation we saw about 70,000 Indian
people received the Lord. But it was
after this kind of this kind of uh this
this departing of spirits, you know, and
that was just the beginning because Mike
then I was asked to go every time I've
gone to some place where they're
worshiping gods, I see the same things
and I I'll I'll share one more. Um I was
asked to go to Cuba. Fidel Castro opened
the door for Cuba um for for for one
month. He said he's going to give uh
Christians freedom for one month, you
know. So they asked me to come and open
it up with a chauffear. So I did and I
ministered across the island for a month
and I'm in this land called the Orientes
and um there's a mountain over the city
and um and on top of the mountain they
worship the gods. It's Santaa, you know,
the god all these Yeah. there they have
curses and sacrifices and voodoo, all
that stuff. So I said, "Okay, I guess
we're going up, you know, we're going up
the mountain." So I I brought the
chauffear. I got the ch get to the top.
I see the the pavilion of the gods. like
inside are the idols, like a house of
idols. And in front of it is a guy who
calls out to me. I never saw him before.
He comes over to me and he says, "Hello,
Jonathan." In in through the translator,
and he he's holding a plate. He says,
"I've been waiting for you." He's
holding a ceramic plate with a painting
of me on it sounding the the trumpet,
the trumpet that I brought up. And and
the thing is, he says, he says, "No, I'm
a believer." He the spirit told me to
paint this. And he said he he told me to
put it into the house of the gods. And
he did. He said that night something
happened. The the leather strap that was
holding it broke apart. The plate came
down and struck the head of the idol,
the chief god of Cuba and and struck it
down. That morning the worshippers open
up their house and they find their chief
god on the floor and had a it was named
Oun. Had a crown on her. The crown was
removed from her head. Next to it was
this, you know, plate of this Jewish guy
with a horn and and the and the
chauffear, it was chipped just where the
chauffear where the sound comes out. It
struck the head of the idol and it went
down. So again, it was like the trumpet.
Again, it was the gods, you know, and
the word came down the mountain and we
found out later in the reports there's
revival in the city. The pastor said
people are coming to the church is
bringing their idols and we heard what
happened on the mountain, smash our
idols. And there was revival, you know.
So, so I in every place I mean and I
share I share a few more in the in the
in the book, but in every place I saw
the the go the spirits are real. And the
thing is that this ultimately has to do
with America. And in fact, it's even
more dangerous when you don't know them
and and you're actually they're
influencing your culture.
>> Well, and okay, the anointing is flowing
so strongly right now. Guys, hit the
thumbs up so more people get this
broadcast. But I I I just feel the power
of God surging out of you right now. And
here's the thing. I know there's people
watching and they're like, "Okay, that's
great. But what does this have to do
with us? What is the implication in in
the modern world? What's the implication
for America?" Because this is deeply
prophetic.
>> Yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, well, you know,
Jesus gives a parable and he speaks
about the man who was delivered of a
spirit, but he stays empty of God. And
so, the spirit comes back and brings
seven others. And, and people think,
okay, that's just about a guy. Well,
yeah, but he says, "So it will be with
this generation." Uh, and and here's
it's not just about people, you know,
it's not just people that can be
influenced by spirits, but cultures can
and nations can. And the thing is that
when the gospel came in the world, it
drove out the gods, you know, of the
West, drove them out. And and that means
drove out the spirits. It was it was the
biggest mass exorcism in human history.
And that's why the West has always been
different. But the warning is that if
any culture or nation or civilization
should ever empty itself of God, then
what was cast out of it will come back
into it. And so the spirits that will or
cast out literally the same spirits or
gods of what they call them will come
back into it. You know, you have the
gods of child sacrifice. So we now we
have abortion. You have the gods of
sexual immorality. You have the sexual
revolution. You have the gods of of of
confusion of gender. they're ancient and
it's happening and it's all restoring.
So, we're watching the what we've been
seeing in America and the West for the
last half century. We thought we could
drive God out of the culture and but
what happens is the house doesn't stay
empty. You take you take God out of the
schools, something else is coming back
into the schools. You take God for the
children, someone else come. We're
reaping it now. So, this is really, you
know, and and here's another thing,
Mike. You know, remember the last
Olympics now. You know, the Olympics are
from Oregon. I'm not condemning the
athletes, but the but the origin we know
is pagan. Well, the thing is that in the
opening ceremony, they had a they had a
a kind of vision of the last supper, but
instead of Jesus and the disciples, they
had men dressed as women gyrating
around. And they had on the table,
instead of the the wine and the bread
representing the Lord, they had a
platter like a plate. They took it off
and there's a man dressed up as a pagan
god, Dionis. Now, they replaced Jesus
with a pagan god. Well, that's really
prophetic cuz that's what's been
happening. And there was a guy because
he would see when the gospel came in g
the name of Jesus drove out Dionis and
all the gods. There was a guy who
actually did this exchange before kind
of a warning guy. Guy's name was
Frederick Nichi and he's the one who
wrote God is dead and all and he German
philosopher and he wrote he he wrote get
rid of Christianity get rid of Jesus and
he he actually adored Dionis the god
Dianisis. Well, Dianisis was known for
possessing and driving his followers to
insanity. Well, Nichi goes insane. And
at the end of his his writing, he starts
signing his name not as Nichi, but as
Dionis and and the thing is the one who
picked up his writings was a guy named
Adolf Hitler. And you had the Third
Reich. And that tells you the warning.
It's a dangerous thing for a nation that
has known God to to turn away from God.
Look what happened to Germany. Look what
happened to Russia. And now that's what
we're dealing with.
>> That's it. And those same ancient demons
are operating in new days, through new
leaders, through new governments. And we
see that happening because I think many
people would say, "Oh, Mike, you know,
we're not going to see a repeat of those
days." But I'm telling you, the
conditions are here spiritually, and we
have to awaken to this spiritual reality
and have discernment in this hour. You
know, uh we're going to show some
footage of it, but I just did an event
in Chicago and as you know, the DNC
literally had a mobile abortion clinic
in the parking lot of the DNC and it was
crazy because I did a stadium event in
Chicago and I was up there praying. I
had a former witch who she actually came
out of witchcraft and her and I are
leading this intercessory prayer moment
and all of a sudden the Holy Spirit
speaks to me and he's like, "Mike, deal
with the blood covenants and the oaths
in Chicago." And he reminds me of the
DNC and the mobile abortion clinic and
all that. And all of a sudden, I just
begin to to to deal with that
prophetically, kind of like how you blew
the chauffear. And and there was this
moment of uh prophetic intercession and
deliverance. So anyways, I I start uh
talking about the blood of Jesus and how
a greater blood breaks those demonic
blood covenant. We are here to break a
blood oath and a blood covenant. Lord,
we stand in the gap for a city that in
the name of convenience murdered, BUT
ONE MAN SHED HIS BLOOD AND HE SAID IT IS
FINISHED. SO WE CALL FOR AN abatement to
murder in this city. And I'm telling
you, Jonathan, it was absolutely insane
right after that moment. And we're just
getting ready to release this footage
publicly. The glory of the Lord filled
that stadium. And for over an hour,
everyone just wept and it was sovereign.
We couldn't even continue with the
program. And then the whole stadium just
continued to sing. And and I say that
all to say um I got chills down my spine
when you said, "Okay, it's one thing to
experience the deliverance, but then if
you don't fill it with some with the
spirit of the living God, if you don't
seal it, then something happens." So I I
want to ask you this. So the the avatar
and guys, I'm telling you, I don't just
get on this channel and sell books. I
only present to you the things that I
absolutely believe in, which is why you
trust me. And this book, The Avatar, is
so important. And it actually opens um
you know an ancient template that
reveals what is now happening to
America. So can can you just give us a
little taste of it for those who are
getting ready to jump in?
>> Yeah. When Israel turned away from God,
they turned to these gods. So it's kind
of we're replaying that. But also you it
talks about the leaders. There were
leaders who in a sense are like avatars
of you know championing these gods. You
had Ahab and Jezebel and all and all
that happening. And the the amazing
thing is there's actually a template. It
begins with Ahab uh when Israel was
falling away with the kings and queens
of Israel that actually lies behind the
leaders we are watching now. Now it's a
it's it's the template is so exact. It
not only behind it's like behind each
leader major leader there's an ancient
king or queen for good or bad in the
Bible. And it it reveals not only the
person but what they will do, how long
they will have exactly on the national
political stage. Um in some cases it
gives exact events. Um because God's
over everything. And the thing is that
for instance example I mean every from
Bill Clinton to Barack Obama to Donald
Trump uh every single one. And the thing
is that I'll give you an example. You
know, one of the things is that it
actually when the template would speak
when you take this that there was going
to be a a a calamity on America on the
date September 11th at 2001. And it even
it even pinpointed the hour it would
begin. All linked to these kings. Now,
let me let me there it's I mean there's
a one for Bill Clinton, there's one for
Barack Obama, but let me let me get to
Trump because that's what we're deal
that's where we are now. And and listen,
by the way, we pray for everybody, you
know, and that and the whole thing. But
the thing is that and and we're not
saying anybody's the answer, but we'll
say that God uses whom he'll use. So now
you got Trump. The the the mystery
behind Trump is a man in the template is
a man named Joo. Now Joo was wild,
unpredictable. You never knew what he's
going to do next, say next. Um he was
not a politician, not a diplomat. He was
a fighter. Um and we don't even know
where he was at with the Lord, but he
was used to the Lord. Um and you got
look at Donald Trump. And the thing is
that you remember Mike remember when
Donald Trump began everything he was on
top of that staircase comes down the
staircase and then begins his race. Well
Joo began on top of the staircase comes
down the staircase begins a race to the
throne. And the thing is that in order
to come to the throne Joo had to made an
alliance with the religious
conservatives of his nation. So Donald
Trump makes the alliance and then the
Joo had an agenda to get into the
capital city. His agenda was to drain
the swamp. So Donald Trump drained the
swamp. In order to come to power, Joo
had to contend against the nation's
former first lady.
So think about Donald Trump. Now in the
ancient case, it was Jezebel. In the
modern case, the former first lady was
Hillary Clinton. Now Hillary Clinton had
been on the stage, the national stage,
political stage with her husband Bill
for 22 years on her own in public office
and then she ran for president. Totals
up to 14 years. Well, 22 years. 14
years. Jezebel was on the national stage
of Israel for 22 years with her husband
Ahab and 14 years on her own until until
she's defeated by Joo. And and the thing
I mean and and you know, you were
talking about something before which is
so profound that they actually had this
mobile as we said abortion thing outside
there. Well, you know, in ancient times
that was in the worship of Baal. It was
it was it was a it was child sacrifice.
And so, and the thing is, you know, it
was Jezebel was with that. And so,
Hillary Clinton was the but basically
the champion of a up until Kla Harris.
So, so you got you you have this you
have this amazing template. And Mike,
here's the thing. It this template
actually because God knows everything
actually would foreshadow the outcome of
every one of the last elections. Give
you example. The template of Joo is that
he first contends against the present
king. Then the king is kind of kind of
replaced by a woman who has an
anti-biblical agenda. Well, 2016 Trump,
he contends actually against Obama. Then
Hillary Clinton and he wins. In 2020,
you don't have the template of Joo. He's
he's the one in power. There's no king.
There's no And so and so he does not
prevail. In 2024, the template of Joo
resurrects. And so you first he go he
contends against the king Biden. He wins
or that and then a woman rises up with
an anti-biblical agenda which is Kla
Harris and that's why he won. He wins in
2016 not in 2020 in 2024 because that is
the template of Joo. Let me throw in let
me throw in another thing Mike. I'm just
trying to do it.
>> This is I'm like amazing.
>> Thank you. Praise God. Because listen by
the way I want to say when we know I'm
sharing this like I know something when
it when it comes when I when it comes to
me I'm the first one to be blown away.
Lord. Wow. You know, but but God is on
the throne. That's the point. The thing
is that how long was is Trump on going
to be on the national political stage?
Well, when did it begin? When did he
Well, people would say, "Well, 2016 or
15." No. That what people don't know is
Donald Trump actually was a candidate
for president in the year 2000. It's it
was called Trump 2000. He ran on the
Reform Party. Actually won the
California primary before he stopped.
Okay. You got 2000. He entered.
>> Yeah. The last full year he's got
appointed is the is 2028. The thing is,
so you got a 28 year span. You open the
Bible, it says Joo was on the national
stage for 28 years. The exact same
thing. The exact same thing.
>> Wow.
>> What was the the meaning? Like we look
at, well, what's this thing about Trump?
And it's not that
>> that's it.
>> And it's not that like Trump is knowing
all these things, but God uses whom
he'll use. You know, it doesn't mean
everything went, you know, listen, Joo
was a mix. He did some things that were
crazy, but he also followed what God
said. So the thing is this, Jahoo was on
one hand a sign that the time was late
for Israel because it had departed so
much and it took somebody so radical or
extreme like Joo. And so that's where we
are. But the other thing is that for
those who were against God's way, Joo
was like a was like a judgment. But for
those who were people of God, Joo was
like a was like a second chance. It was
like he was giving God was giving the
nation a chance. He was he rolled back,
you know, Joo rolled back the the agenda
of the gods of child sacrifice, of
gender confusion, which was back then.
That's exactly what Trump's been doing.
And so, so this is a chance we have and
it's a big thing. And and there's so
many, by the way, I will just say we
won't probably won't have time to go
into it, but Joe Biden is in the
mystery. There's an ancient king Camela
Harrison the mystery but there is a very
big mystery about about the Avatar if
you want. It's explosive but we can go
in it if you're
>> Oh you know listen our time always goes
by way too fast but I would love to jump
into that and as a matter of fact if you
could explain that cuz again my mind was
blown and even hearing you guys you've
got to get this book but then there's
actually something after that that I I
personally I'm going to be a little
selfish I want to ask but I think the
viewers will love it. So yeah, please
break it down. Okay, the you know one of
the things is that you know in in
ancient times you had the gods but you
also had avatars and and meaning this
the belief was in ancient in paganism is
that you don't just have the gods you
have people who channel the gods or who
are who are manifestations or
representations of it and the leader
those you know like the kings like the
pharaoh of Egypt he was considered an
avatar of the Egyptian gods so the king
of Babylon so you know because and and
it makes sense because the Bible says
behind the gods are spirits and So if
the spirits, what do they do? They seek
to take over. They seek to possess. And
if you can, if you can rule the king,
you rule the kingdom. So, so could we be
at the point we're actually seeing signs
of avatars on the national stage? And
it's again not about the people. They
don't know what they're doing. But could
we see them as signs? And here's the
thing there. The word avatar comes from
India where all the gods are. And it it
particularly the belief is there's one
house uh a line or lineage that
particularly gives birth to avatars.
It's the house of Brahman. The brahinss
are the priests of the pagan gods. And
the thing is that from the house of
Brahman was born the person we know of
as Kamala Harris. She was born of the
house of this is the house of the
avatars. In fact her her her maiden the
maiden Hindu name of her mother is
actually the name of a Hindu avatar.
Okay. Now here's the thing. She's given
a name. It's not about her. We got to
pray for her and pray for everybody. But
she's given a the name that she was
given. We all learned it how Kamala you
know is actually she the avatar has to
be linked to a god or goddess. She's
named after the name Kamala is a
goddess. She's named she name of a
goddess. And if we miss that her middle
name is Debbie which means the goddess.
So her name Kamala Debbie means Kamala
the goddess. And the mystery and her
whole life we won't have time to go into
it but her whole life is following the
mystery of this goddess without knowing
it. without her knowing it. I mean even
listen you even have you know how you
know Camala always laughed then at the
wrong time. Well, it actually her Debbie
is refers to the Hindu goddess who laugh
who's called the laughing goddess who
laughs at the wrong time, you know, when
she's actually waging war. Actually, the
goddess Camela was was joined to the
king, you know, the goddess Kamala was
number two, the number two ruler, the
number two ruler in the pantheon. And
she's joined to the king whose name is
Vishnu. And and you know how Joe Biden's
called Sleepy Joe, Sleepy Joe? Well,
Vishnu is called the sleeping god. Okay.
So, so now now the thing is there's a
day on the Hindu calendar when the when
they worship it's dedicated to the
goddess Kamala. It's called Sharad
Perneima. Now on on that day in India
Shra Perna when they're worshiping the
goddess Kamala that day Kamala Harris is
born on the day of the goddess the day
of the goddess. And they are actually
they're actually saying on that day that
the goddesses comes into the world on
that day and they they they also believe
the goddess is born on that day. So as
she's born all in India they're chanting
the name of Kamala as the as Kamla is
born and the thing is that that there
there is even you know there is uh in
ancient times you would have they have
images of the avatar and they would join
the person to the god like if you look
at those those kind of crazy pictures of
the pharaohs they're joined to the gods
you know well there actually was an
image that appeared in America not on a
wall but on the internet it was put up
by Kla Harris's own family it was just
before she was coming to hour and it was
a picture of they put a picture of her
merged with a Hindu goddess on the web.
I mean I mean I mean crazy. Now now what
is the sign of the Avatar mean and and
it's this is that you know it means that
we got to the place and listen we were
almost that the election could have if
it went the other way it' be a whole
different story right now. We were on
the verge of something and the thing we
were at a critical point and the thing
is that you know America was was made
dedicated to be a nation under God under
his leading for his glory. Well if she
had won we've been under led by ruled by
one whose name means the goddess one
nation under the goddess. That's how
close we were. Okay. And the thing is
that the thing is now that brings
something to a mystery of Donald Trump.
I don't know if I don't know which
question you have a question, but it has
to do with his birth and then has then
there's an assassination attempt too
that that's a mystery too. Do you want
is it okay to do that?
>> Yeah, I think that's I think that's
great. And I I just want to say for a
second, you know, there and I've been
talking about this a lot. I'm seeing a
rising of both sides. You know, Satan
hates being exposed like this. He hates
when you pull the mask off. And and for
everybody watching, you know, we say,
"Oh, it's light versus darkness." It's
actually light versus false light.
That's really what it is. Because when
you look at these parties, when you look
at these people, they're the ones
claiming, "No, I'm here to help. I'm
here to we're going to save the nation.
No, we're going to save the nation." And
that's why this book is so important.
That's why Jonathan Khan's so important
is because you're you're helping to uh
raise us up in a greater measure of
discernment because we're living in
these days right now where again, it's
it's people are having a hard time.
They're like, "But but I thought that
this is the good side and and there's
this um but it's light versus false
light and the rising of both sides right
now." And and I think what I hear you
saying and there's an urgency to this is
it's not just hey guys we have we divert
we averted tragedy. We're good. It's
let's stay vigilant because the enemy is
not going to just take the back seat and
say okay do what it's like if anything
we need to press in more. So please
Yeah. keep keep breaking this down.
>> Total total total. That is the prophetic
moment. Total. Yeah. The thing is to and
speaking of this and like the parallel.
Well, Donald Trump was what about his
birth? He was actually born not on a
pagan holiday. He was actually born on a
biblical holiday. He was born on the
Sabbath. You know the Friday the Friday
night. He's born on Friday. And the
thing is that every Sabbath there is a
scripture that is appointed for that
Sabbath from ages past just for that
Sabbath. So that means there's a
scripture for his birth. So what was
that? The scripture was God saying this
was proclaimed all across the world
saying calling forth an instrument of
God into the world the trumpet or a
trump into the world. So all over the
world they're actually reading about the
trump coming into the world and the
trump comes into the world. Now there's
a whole mystery there. We won't be able
to get into it with with that where he
his rise and all the timing is all
linked to the trumpet in the Bible. But
let me go further. You know, remember at
the beginning, you know, I was talking
about how, you know, the trumpet was a
sign when and and that scripture it says
when you're in warfare, sound the
trumpet, the enemy will go, well, well,
that scripture was also appointed for
Donald Trump's birth. And and what what
the trump does, it drives back the gods.
And what's been happening, and we're not
saying he knows all this, but the thing
is that he's been driving or seeing to
roll back the agenda of the gods that
when the trumpet sounds. And so think
about we had an election and one man you
know you got pull back the veil because
it's all spiritual but you have an
election you have one man whose name
means trumpet and the other candidate
whose name means the goddess and the
trumpet sounds the goddess goes okay so
that's that's what we just saw now let
me throw in another a quick thing I'm
doing my best here and that is and by
the way I love you know I it's always
charged with you Mike I always love
being with you the thing is that that
there you know there's a certain there's
a an ancient ceremony that marks
somebody who's going to be used of God.
And that in in the Bible, it's actually
the anointing of the priests who are
going to be who they're candidates for
the office. They go into the office, but
they have to go through a a ceremony.
Well, according to the ceremony, now
think about now, now think about Trump
at Butler, Pennsylvania, that
assassination attempt. Okay? According
to the ceremony, the man the one who's
going to be used of God, blood is
involved. Blood has to touch the ear
>> of the person.
>> It has to touch so it touch his ear. has
to touch the right ear. So it touches
his right ear. Has to touch the tip of
the right ear. Touches the tip of the
right ear. Then it has to touch the
hand. First thing Trump does is he lifts
up his hand. The blood touches hand.
It's got to be the right hand. It's his
right hand. Got to be the right thumb.
First thing goes to the right thumb.
Then it's got the then the focus goes
down to the feet. Well, the feet in
order for it to happen, the the shoes of
the candidate have to be removed. Well,
what happens when Trump is pushed down?
His shoes are removed from him. He
doesn't even know how. And he says that
he he actually reported his shoes were
covered with blood. You couldn't even.
So, and the thing is that you've got
from the moment that the blood touches
the year of the candidate for the
priesthood, you have seven days at the
end of the seventh day. When the seventh
day comes, then the man receives the
office, the beginning of the office.
Okay? So, if you take the moment that
the blood came, that was on Saturday.
Okay? You have that at sundown comes the
next day, Hebrew day. You go from
sundown to sundown. That's the biblical
day. When you get to the seventh day,
the sundown begins the seventh day. It's
Thursday night and what anything
happened? Trump is standing in front of
the world and he's given the nomination
to become president of the United States
exactly seven days from the blood
touching the air. Seven Hebrew days. So,
let me let me let me try to uh bring it
to the point that you were just saying
because it's I'm totally with you on
this. The the point of the avatar is not
only there's so many more mysteries, but
we gave you, you know, it's a taste of
it. But the thing is that the mysteries
are about where we are now prophetically
and what do we need to do? What this is
all all when you put it all together is
that we are we have a window of time.
Trump is part of it. It's not about
Trump. It's not about the but God will
give a window. So he's given a window
right now. And the thing the it's if we
change the government but we don't
change people's hearts, the unchanged
hearts are going to change the
government back. And as you said, I
totally I'm I'm one with you on this. If
you drive out the the gods or the
spirits and you don't replace it with
the presence of God, you stay empty,
then what was those gods that were
driven out or those spirits are coming
back to America. So this is the crucial
moment. The only thing that can save
America is revival. And we got to pray
for revivals and everything. We got to
we got to we got to act for revival. We
got to live in revival. Actually, how
about we choose to live in revival and
then revival begins, you know, and then
pray for revival. This is a critical
moment that can really if we change if
you know listen if this touches America
it'll touch the world. So this is the
critical moment we're in right now.
>> Oh that's it. I I couldn't have said it
better. And and I think that's why you
know we're doing the stadium events, the
breakers. We're launching churches.
We're on television. We're doing this
broadcast right now. And I want to push
back on some skepticism because I just
feel it. I know there's people watching
right now. Oh, he's reaching. I love the
fact that you acknowledge the feet
because I know the scriptures. I know
the ceremony that you're referencing and
I was so grateful for you saying, "No,
listen. It wasn't just the ear. It
wasn't just the hand, but also his shoes
mysteriously are off. He doesn't even
know how it happened." And that aspect
was addressed. And then you took it a
step further and said exactly seven days
later. And so what happens is this. You
get into the realm of mathematical
improbability. You know, it's like, you
know, it's like, hey, you can't make
this up. There's only and and you've
just This is why with the avatar, it's
so important because you can dismiss one
aspect of it, but when you start to
triangulate every single element of it
through the totality of those pages, it
begins to emerge. There's prophetic
types and shadows. But here's the thing
I want to say, and then and I got one
selfish question that you actually
didn't, and this is for me, but I want
to say this to everybody watching right
now. If Trump is a prophetic Joo, if if
if the concept here of the prophetic
type and shadow and the avatar is true,
the question I want to ask everybody
watching right now, who are you? Who are
the Daniels? Who are the Shadrach,
Meshach, and Abedneo? You know, who are
the Josephs? Who are the Davids? You
know, if another generation is rising
up, who are the Pauls? Who are the
Timothies? And and I'm telling you, um
there's some things I can't even say
live right now. Just suffice it to say
that Easter Sunday where I live, I was
given an unprecedented opportunity uh to
to to do a service uh in full public
view in a very recognizable place and
I'm hoping to see all of you there. And
just like um Jonathan, how you said you
blew that chauffear and deliverance
broke out. I really believe that moments
like that are going to continue in this
nation. But each and every one of you
watching right now, you're the
revivalist. You're the one God wants to
use. And this is this is a wakeup call.
So the question I have because when I
saw this, I'll be honest, I've been
studying this personally. I've even got
some footage and stuff. I actually never
released it. And um and I I thought,
okay, now so what is the mystery of the
black obelisk and what does that have to
do with Trump in America? This is the
last question I have because I know we
kind of went over time, but man.
>> Okay. Okay. There's only one uh Yeah,
there's so many mysteries, but I'm glad
you did. There the the one there's only
one object on planet Earth that actually
has a depiction of a biblical figure
that was done at the time of the
biblical figure. I mean, only one I mean
at the time. And it happens, it's called
the black obelisk, and it happens to
have a the image of Joo of all people.
And and the thing is the thing is and
Joo in the in the black obelisk is is on
his knees bowing down. Okay, he's bowing
down. He's bowing down. He's being
humbled. Okay, but the thing is the
thing is that when Trump went down,
okay, they pushed him down at that time
of his quote anointing, you know, and
the the Secret Service and someone took
a picture. You make you can see it
online. Um, and he and he's down on his
knees and he he's he's matching the the
ancient image of Joo. I mean, for the
first time, it's matching it. And the
thing is that I mean, the his hand is in
the same place, everything. And the
thing is that's when the blood's
touching him. The thing is the thing is
that that you know the ultimate thing is
the only way there's going to be revival
is on our knees. Um and and you know and
and on our knees and if my people who
are called by my name will humble
themselves and starting from the king
you know. So pray listen also I'm throw
let's since you asked that let's pray
also for Trump to fulfill his true
calling because with everything else
without without that final thing that's
that's not going to do it. It's going to
be that it's going to be revival. And so
pray for that and pray for America. And
by the way, I love the way you say,
"Well, who are you?" Because, you know,
also in that actual that that template,
you know, where you have Ahab, you have
Jahu. You You also have Elijah and
Elisha. And we are to be the Elijah's
and Elishas for this hour. We got to be
radical.
>> That's it. Oh, well, we love you here on
this channel, guys. Show him so much
love in the comments section right now.
We got the link to the book in the
description. It's come up on screen
several times. Scan the QR code if
you're watching. Yes. Don't don't get
don't don't mistake it for the movie.
It's not that movie. Avatar is not going
to
>> Yeah. Yeah. We're not talking about the
movie. But guys, make sure you get the
Avatar. Actually, buy a couple copies
and give them away through this season.
And Jonathan Khan, thank you so much for
joining my channel once again. We really
appreciate your work and and I just want
to say, you know, talking about being on
our knees praying. We are committed to
interceding for you, praying for you as
well. We know that you're on the front
lines doing this battle. You know, I was
just recently with our friend Lou Engle
on Capitol Hill. We did Communion
America and it was such an incredible
opportunity. But as I was speaking on uh
Capitol Hill, I was just so aware of the
warfare. And that's why I said even in
our time together here in this
broadcast, a lot of people are saying,
"Well, look, you know, it's we can kind
of back off a little bit. You know, we
won an election." But I feel the
opposite. I feel the urgency in the
spirit. So, I'm joined with you and
we're going to do this thing. Thank you.
Mike, thank you. It's always a joy and I
am so blessed with you and your
ministry, you know, from that. Thank
you. Uh it was a joy. Hey, join me for
the trip of a lifetime as we travel
retracing the Apostle Paul's steps. Yes.
Right there where scripture was first
written. Right there where the early
church was born. We're going to go from
sight to sight. I'm going to be
teaching. We're going to get to meet.
We're going to share some incredible
meals together. You're going to get to
meet other people from around the world.
And this is an exclusive trip, okay?
Which means you've got to act now while
there are still seats available. So scan
the QR code, tap the link, and get your
seat now. You are not going to regret
it. I can't wait to see you on this
Retracing the Apostle Paul Greece tour.
Come on, land and sea. It doesn't get
any better than that. And I'll see you
there.